what's your day like I have to find a
guitar teacher for Sara pay some bills
and schlepping kids I don't deserve you
somebody's been trying to hack in and
compromise my identity you think
somebody got my information off the
internal network don't worry about this
I'll clean it up is somebody gonna get
that
she has beautiful eyes your daughter I
want to know why you're doing this and I
want to know now I need you to talk to
your husband he listens to you if he
doesn't do exactly as I ask I will kill
you and your two children this is about
robbing the bank isn't it you have to do
whatever they want I spent 20 years
trying to protect this Bank I expect to
get in out of here you designed the
software you find me away in video
camera we see what you see heart attack
audio transmitter we hear everything
seem a little stressed out jack
sir Naomi really where's my family
are they alive just kill me here why
should I believe
oh my god
change of plans I'm done duck jack has
broken our agreement decided not to
cooperate don't you ever touch my
children again I just hacked into your
accounts it's impossible you just lost
20 million now you know what it feels
like to lose what you love
network is crash you'll found me a dead
stay outside
you get the money
when I get my family
you